The avr32 AHRS is based on the [http://www.avrfreaks.net/wiki/index.php/Documentation:NGW ATNGW100 reference design board].
The ATNGW100 runs Linux 2.6.x and provides expansion ports used to connect to the SPI A/D converters and the accelerometer.

In the current implementation AHRS output data (roll, pitch and yaw) is sent to a host computer through a ethernet network interface by UDP packets. A serial output is also possible.

There are some pictures of the prototype here: "Pic 1":http://carlosbecker.com.ar/openimu/imu1.jpg "Pic 2":http://carlosbecker.com.ar/openimu/imu2.jpg "Pic 3":http://carlosbecker.com.ar/openimu/imu3.jpg "Pic 4":http://carlosbecker.com.ar/openimu/imu4.jpg "Pic 5":http://carlosbecker.com.ar/openimu/imu5.jpg

= Schematics =

Schematics are uploaded through GIT. Latest version can be downloaded in PDF format [http://github.com/cbecker/openahrs/tree/master%2FAHRSs%2Favr32%2Fhardware%2FopenAHRS-avr32.pdf?raw=true at github].

Note: The second magnetometer is not listed in the schematics.


= Sensors =

== Gyros ==

Three [http://www.analog.com/static/imported-files/data_sheets/ADXRS300.pdf ADXRS300 gyro] rate sensors are used to measure angular velocity on each body axis. Rate output is digitalized through a MCP3208 chip (SPI 12-bit A/D converter).

The ADXRS300 gyros provide a temperature output which can be used to correct gain drift over temperature. Currently only the Z-axis gyro is used for temperature sensing, although measurements are not corrected yet.


== Accelerometers ==

A LIS3LV02DQ 3-axis accelerometer is used to measure acceleration. The SPI interface is used to read acceleration data.

== Magnetic sensors ==

To sense the earth magnetic field two [http://www.nxp.com/acrobat_download/applicationnotes/AN00022_COMPASS.pdf KMZ52] 2-axis magnetometers are used. Output is amplified through operational amplifiers and feed to the MCP3208 A/D chip.

